Draft of a GitHub Billing blog post (#7)
aseriousbiz/blog: _posts/2021/2021-06-22-github-billing.md

## Running the skill

The skill needs to know which organization you want a billing report for. You can tell Abbot to set a default:

```bash
@abbot github default my-github-org
```

Then you can run the `billing` sub-command.

```bash
@abbot github billing
```

And you should get something like the following:

![Response showing information about GitHub Actions, Packages, and Storage usage.](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/19977/122844477-9922af00-d2b6-11eb-9c1e-760759e071ab.png)

All this information is being pulled by the [GitHub Billing API](https://docs.github.com/en/rest/reference/billing).

## Scheduling the skill

You can call the skill any time you want from chat. But some may want a regular reminder reported to a chat room. This is simple to set up with Abbot.

```bash
@abbot schedule github Billing Report from GitHub
```

This creates a [scheduled trigger](https://docs.ab.bot/guides/triggers/#scheduled-triggers) to call the skill and respond to the current room. Don't worry, the schedule isn't active yet.

![Abbot creates a scheduled trigger](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/19977/122844905-780e8e00-d2b7-11eb-8bed-d1c1faed4342.png)

> When creating a trigger, nhe `schedule` skill reports back a URL to set up the actual details for the schedule such as when it should run and which arguments to pass to it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When creating a trigger, the `schedule` skill returns a URL to set up the actual details for the schedule such as when it should run and which arguments to pass to it.
```
